This is a selection of software projects I have worked on for classes and personal use. All of these are available as repositories on my [GitHub page](https://github.com/adeebsal)

Tinkering with software is something I've done since I got my first computer in 4th grade, and through the years getting older my tinkering and projects have gotten progressively more advanced and professional. I enjoy both programming things from scratch as well as implementing existing software to accomplish tasks.

# [Home Value Predictor](https://github.com/adeebsal/homevaluepredictor)
This was done as a pair project for a business data analytics course, ECO4444. The goal is to take in a dataset including houses, their prices, and various statistics such as square footage, distance from the nearest central business district, and their age, and create a model that can predict the price based on the other variables. From there, we were given a validation dataset of completely new data, and had to apply our generated model to predict the prices of those properties. Through this project, I learned basic skills in data analytics, machine learning, and improved my skills in the Python and R languages.

# [Minecraft on Kubernetes](https://github.com/adeebsal/minecraft-kubernetes)
This is a personal project that was borne from a need for a Minecraft server in my friend group, but I used it as an opportunity to learn Docker and similar app containerization systems, and Kubernetes as a container and microservice orchestration system. I've done various "standard" Minecraft servers over the years, so I felt like breaking out of my comfort zone a bit. The Kubernetes deployment makes use of a prebuilt Docker image the contains the minecraft server and all of its dependencies, available at [itzg/docker-minecraft-server](https://github.com/itzg/docker-minecraft-server). The deployment uses this container and sets up a persistent storage volume, networking, liveness checks, and environment variables for the container to attach to and use as inputs. This results in a streamlined Minecraft server setup, and allowed me to gain skills in microservices management while doing something fun. Next is learning how to build my own container images.

# [Reunion Cafe Website](https://github.com/adeebsal/reunioncafe-website)

This is a simple website designed for my family's business, a restaurant called Reunion Cafe. It is an ongoing project, and currently consists of a simple landing page with the branding, some text about the business, and links to the menu and online ordering via Uber Eats and Doordash. As my understanding of HTML, CSS, and Javascript expands, I will be adding support for Square Online Ordering embedded into the site, so customers can order food for pick up. The website features a responsive layout and supports dark mode detection on any browser and OS that reports it. 