# Professional Statement

To sum me up in a few words, I'm a tinkerer and hacker (the good kind). I enjoy looking at a problem and finding ways to solve it using technology. Software development appeals to me because it allows me to just that. I thoroughly enjoy tinkering with computers and other technology and learning what makes them tick, and this hobby has led to a wide skillset encompassing many aspects of technology. Software is versatile, as everything from simple computers to manufacturing robotics and medical devices needs instructions to make them useful in their required tasks. What fascinates me the most is writing software that tightly integrates the available hardware together to make a cohesive product. To do this, it's good to have knowledge in both areas. I'm always trying to expand my knowledge of different sub-disciplines in technology so I can find ways to make processes more streamlined, intuitive, or natural.

One day I hope to have my own firm building full computer and technology solutions for clients. Growing up, my parents have always shown me the value of an entrepreneurial mindset, as they ran multiple businesses at various times and when working under others pushed through as leaders. I've always watched and learned, and am now honing my craft as a student at UCF in the Interdisciplinary Studies program. From tinkering with technology and backing up that knowledge with computer science courses, along with solidifying my skills with business courses, I'm becoming ever ready to tackle the needs of customers and employers alike in either a developer role or a management role. I live and breathe computing tech, and being able to make a positive impact in the space is my ultimate goal.